<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Terraform Azure Batch Account Module

This Terraform module is designed to create and manage Azure Batch Accounts and their associated resources. Azure Batch is a cloud-based job scheduling service that enables you to run large-scale parallel and high-performance computing applications efficiently on Azure.

> [!WARNING]
> Major version Zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything MAY change at any time. A module SHOULD NOT be considered stable until at least it is major version one (1.0.0) or greater. Changes will always be via new versions being published and no changes will be made to existing published versions. For more details please go to <https://semver.org/>

## Features

* Create and manage Azure Batch Accounts
* Supports customer-managed keys for encryption
* Enable private endpoints for secure network access
* Apply locks to protect resources from accidental deletion
* Configure role-based access control (RBAC) for fine-grained permissions
* Integration with Azure diagnostics and monitoring capabilities

## Limitations

* Batch Account names must be unique within the Azure region
* Some features may require specific subscriptions or regions where the service is available

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.7.0)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (>= 3.116.0, < 5.0.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 3.5.0, < 4.0.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_batch_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/batch_account) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_managed_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint_application_security_group_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_application_security_group_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azurerm_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Specifies the Azure location where the resource exists.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of this resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: Name of the resource group

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_storage_account_id"></a> [storage\_account\_id](#input\_storage\_account\_id)

Description: Specifies the storage account to use for the Batch account

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_allowed_authentication_modes"></a> [allowed\_authentication\_modes](#input\_allowed\_authentication\_modes)

Description: Specifies the allowed authentication mode for the Batch account. Possible values include AAD, SharedKey or TaskAuthenticationToken.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_encryption"></a> [encryption](#input\_encryption)

Description: Specifies if customer managed key encryption should be used to encrypt batch account data.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_key_id = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_identity"></a> [identity](#input\_identity)

Description: Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Batch Account.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    type         = string
    identity_ids = optional(set(string), []) # Optional with default empty set
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_key_vault_reference"></a> [key\_vault\_reference](#input\_key\_vault\_reference)

Description: A key\_vault\_reference block that describes the Azure KeyVault reference to use when deploying the Azure Batch account using the UserSubscription pool allocation mode.

- `id` - (Required) The Azure identifier of the Azure KeyVault to use.
- `url` - (Required) The HTTPS URL of the Azure KeyVault to use.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id  = string
    url = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description:   Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

  - `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Managed identities to be created for the resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_network_profile"></a> [network\_profile](#input\_network\_profile)

Description: Network profile settings for account and node management access.

Type: `list(map(any))`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_pool_allocation_mode"></a> [pool\_allocation\_mode](#input\_pool\_allocation\_mode)

Description: Specifies the mode to use for pool allocation

Type: `string`

Default: `"BatchService"`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
  - `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
  - `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
  - `description` - (Optional) The description of the role assignment.
  - `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - (Optional) If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
  - `condition` - (Optional) The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
  - `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition syntax. Leave as `null` if you are not using a condition, if you are then valid values are '2.0'.
  - `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - (Optional) The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This field is only used in cross-tenant scenario.
  - `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the `principal_id`. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
  - `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `subresource_name` - The name of the sub resource for the private endpoint.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of the Key Vault.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    subresource_name                        = string # NOTE: `subresource_name` can be excluded if the resource does not support multiple sub resource types (e.g. storage account supports blob, queue, etc)
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled)

Description: Whether public network access is allowed for this server

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description:   A map of role assignments to create on the <RESOURCE>. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

  - `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
  - `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
  - `description` - (Optional) The description of the role assignment.
  - `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - (Optional) If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
  - `condition` - (Optional) The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
  - `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition syntax. Leave as `null` if you are not using a condition, if you are then valid values are '2.0'.
  - `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - (Optional) The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This field is only used in cross-tenant scenario.
  - `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the `principal_id`. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

  > Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_storage_account_authentication_mode"></a> [storage\_account\_authentication\_mode](#input\_storage\_account\_authentication\_mode)

Description: Specifies the storage account authentication mode

Type: `string`

Default: `"StorageKeys"`

### <a name="input_storage_account_node_identity"></a> [storage\_account\_node\_identity](#input\_storage\_account\_node\_identity)

Description: Specifies the user assigned identity for the storage account.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: This is the full output for the resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the Batch account created.

### <a name="output_resource_private_endpoints"></a> [resource\_private\_endpoints](#output\_resource\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints. The map key is the supplied input to var.private\_endpoints. The map value is the entire azurerm\_private\_endpoint resource.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->